Now with our accustomed funds added We are now able to use them in our application.
And I want to use him in all places where we display some texts like here with use elected.
Here the opponents guests and then also on the summary page.
Ted will also be a goal here in this application and in addition to that when a game is over.
Not only do I want to use our custom font here on this game a web page but I also want to show an image
a game over image here.
So that's the next thing I want to work on.
First step is to replace this text here with the body text to use to fund so import body text from the
components folder and there from body text and then replace all these text components here with body
text simply so that when a game is over we use our custom fund.
That's the goal here.
But that's as I just said only one thing.
The main thing which should happen here is that we also have an image here.
So let's say we have our game is over tidal actually so let's use the title text here maybe now to think
about it.
Title text instead of body text but debt below this title.
So below the game is over we show an image.
So here I want to use some component which actually allows us to display an image and react native has
such a component it has an image component we can use image here as a normal component in our J as X
code just like that it's a self closing component an image has one important prop and that is the source
prop and the source prob as the name suggests has to be set to point at an image and now there are two
kinds of images you can use local images which you ship as part of your app so which you include in
your source code in your app bundle in the end or network images and we'll have a look at both.
Now let's start with a local image and for that attached you find these success PMG file which you can
drag into your assets folder.
So not in the funds folder there but just into assets or you create an image as sub folder if you want
to.
Doesn't really matter.
I'll have a chest here and assets of this success PNC file and this is the file which I want to use
here.
So the image I want to render here now for Dad to render this image here.
We use a special syntax which might look strange the first time you're seeing it you used this require
function which is built into JavaScript or which is supported by react native in JavaScript let's say
where you pass a string as an argument and this is the string pointing at the image and this should
be a relative path.
So here since we're in the screen's folder we have to go up one level then into the assets folder and
then here we can point at success stored PMG.
Just like that.
Now this tells react native that we want to use this image here and behind the scenes it allows react
native to effectively Lotus and also to have a look at the image and for example determine its width
and height.
That's why we use this strange require syntax and we have to load local images like this.
Now with that to see the result.
All tweak the app chars fall temporarily to make sure we always display the game over screen there simply
so that I don't always have to go through the entire screen just to verify that it updated that it changed
so the game over screen is what I'll temporarily use as my main content here right from the start and
I'll simply pass in some dummy numbers for round number and user number.
Again I'm only doing this so if we start with the game over screen here and see what this gives us and
while we can see what this gives us it gives us a full screen image in the end a really large image.
The reason for that is that the image I gave you is pretty large.
This success page you fall is not a small file.
It's a pretty big image regarding the pixels it's width and its height.
And as I said when you use require like this the good thing is that react native has a look at the image
file determine its width and height and uses the same width and height here which means we rendered
this huge image here on the application and while the downside simply is that this now no longer fits
on the screen or occupies the entire screen because it's a too large file.
If we had a smaller image this would not be a problem that it would just occupy a part of the screen.
But since it's a large image it occupies the entire screen.